README.md, before:

# EN: US States Quiz Game

Try to guess all 50 states from the United States. If you type "exit", the game will close and a CSV file will be created containing all missed states for you to learn. 

This game was created with Python Turtle Module. A map of the United States is laid in front of the user with a prompt question: "What's another U.S. state name?". Each time the user answers a correct U.S. state name, the name will be written on the map at the exact location. For each correct guess, the prompt title will increase. 

To exit the game please type "exit".

---

# PT: Quiz dos estados dos Estados Unidos

Tente adivinhar os 50 estados dos Estados Unidos. Se você digitar "exit" (sair), o jogo vai fechar e um arquivo CSV será criado contendo todos os estados que faltaram, para ajudar a aprender. 

Esse jogo foi criado usando o Turtle Module do Python. Um mapa dos Estados Unidos fica diante do usuário com a pergunta: "Qual é outro nome de estado dos EUA?". Cada vez que o usuário responde corretamente um nome, o nome vai ser escrito no map na localidade exata. Para cada tentativa correta, o título da caixa de pergunta aumenta uma unidade. 

Para sair do jogo por favor digite "exit".

Commit message:

Updated README.md with the pandas package info

README.md, after:

# EN: US States Quiz Game

Try to guess all 50 states from the United States. If you type "exit", the game will close and a CSV file will be created containing all missed states for you to learn. 

This game was created with Python Turtle Module and Pandas package. A map of the United States is laid in front of the user with a prompt question: "What's another U.S. state name?". Each time the user answers a correct U.S. state name, the name will be written on the map at the exact location. For each correct guess, the prompt title will increase. 

To exit the game please type "exit".

---

# PT: Quiz dos estados dos Estados Unidos

Tente adivinhar os 50 estados dos Estados Unidos. Se você digitar "exit" (sair), o jogo vai fechar e um arquivo CSV será criado contendo todos os estados que faltaram, para ajudar a aprender. 

Esse jogo foi criado usando o Turtle Module do Python e a biblioteca Pandas. Um mapa dos Estados Unidos fica diante do usuário com a pergunta: "Qual é outro nome de estado dos EUA?". Cada vez que o usuário responde corretamente um nome, o nome vai ser escrito no map na localidade exata. Para cada tentativa correta, o título da caixa de pergunta aumenta uma unidade. 

Para sair do jogo por favor digite "exit".
